README.md, before:

# [hloth blog](https://blog.hloth.dev)

[![Screenshot](./screenshot.webp)](https://blog.hloth.dev)

[Visit the website](https://blog.hloth.dev) · Tor: [blog.hlothdevzkti6suoksy7lcy7hmpxnr3msu5waokzaslsi2mnx5ouu4qd.onion](http://blog.hlothdevzkti6suoksy7lcy7hmpxnr3msu5waokzaslsi2mnx5ouu4qd.onion/)

My personal blog about web development stuff and my IRL stuff. No ads, no JavaScript required, pure shitpost 😻

Old React v18 + Next.js v14 version is available under [react18-nextjs14-2024](https://github.com/VityaSchel/blog.hloth.dev/tree/react18-nextjs14-2024) branch.

## Donate

[hloth.dev/donate](https://hloth.dev/donate) · Tor: [hlothdevzkti6suoksy7lcy7hmpxnr3msu5waokzaslsi2mnx5ouu4qd.onion/donate](http://hlothdevzkti6suoksy7lcy7hmpxnr3msu5waokzaslsi2mnx5ouu4qd.onion/donate)

## Acknowledgements

- Design inspired by Milos Bojkovic. [Dribbble project link](https://dribbble.com/shots/21592801-Blog-post-exploration).
- PP Mori font by Pangram Pangram Foundry (free for personal use). [License](./static/pp-mori/license.pdf).
- [Svelte & SvelteKit](https://svelte.dev/) ❤️
- [Drizzle ORM & Drizzle Kit](https://orm.drizzle.team/) 😼
- Thank you to all authors of these projects used in my blog: [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/), [ESLint](https://eslint.org), [Prettier](https://prettier.io), [Husky](https://typicode.github.io/husky/), [dotenvx](https://dotenvx.com/), [Fontsource](https://fontsource.org/), [cheerio](https://cheerio.js.org/), [plaiceholder](https://plaiceholder.co/docs), [sharp](https://sharp.pixelplumbing.com/), [super-sitemap](https://github.com/jasongitmail/super-sitemap/), [svelte-sonner](https://svelte-sonner.vercel.app/), [xss](https://github.com/leizongmin/js-xss) and [zod](https://zod.dev/).
- The one and only forever FLOSSy PostgreSQL and postgres JS driver.
- Visual post editor by [@editorjs](https://editorjs.io/) authors.
- A special THANK YOU to [Anthony Fu](https://antfu.me/) for fantastic [shiki](https://github.com/shikijs/shiki) code highlighter!

## License

Source code is licensed under [MIT](./LICENSE). Blog materials are licensed under [CC BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) unless otherwise stated.

Commit message:

Replace editor.js with milkdown

README.md, after:

# [hloth blog](https://blog.hloth.dev)

[![Screenshot](./screenshot.webp)](https://blog.hloth.dev)

[Visit the website](https://blog.hloth.dev) · Tor: [blog.hlothdevzkti6suoksy7lcy7hmpxnr3msu5waokzaslsi2mnx5ouu4qd.onion](http://blog.hlothdevzkti6suoksy7lcy7hmpxnr3msu5waokzaslsi2mnx5ouu4qd.onion/)

My personal blog about web development stuff and my IRL stuff. No ads, no JavaScript required, pure shitpost 😻

Old React v18 + Next.js v14 version is available under [react18-nextjs14-2024](https://github.com/VityaSchel/blog.hloth.dev/tree/react18-nextjs14-2024) branch.

## Donate

[hloth.dev/donate](https://hloth.dev/donate) · Tor: [hlothdevzkti6suoksy7lcy7hmpxnr3msu5waokzaslsi2mnx5ouu4qd.onion/donate](http://hlothdevzkti6suoksy7lcy7hmpxnr3msu5waokzaslsi2mnx5ouu4qd.onion/donate)

## Acknowledgements

- Design inspired by Milos Bojkovic. [Dribbble project link](https://dribbble.com/shots/21592801-Blog-post-exploration).
- PP Mori font by Pangram Pangram Foundry (free for personal use). [License](./static/pp-mori/license.pdf).
- [Svelte & SvelteKit](https://svelte.dev/) ❤️
- [Drizzle ORM & Drizzle Kit](https://orm.drizzle.team/) 😼
- Thank you to all authors of these projects used in my blog: [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/), [ESLint](https://eslint.org), [Prettier](https://prettier.io), [Husky](https://typicode.github.io/husky/), [dotenvx](https://dotenvx.com/), [Fontsource](https://fontsource.org/), [cheerio](https://cheerio.js.org/), [plaiceholder](https://plaiceholder.co/docs), [sharp](https://sharp.pixelplumbing.com/), [super-sitemap](https://github.com/jasongitmail/super-sitemap/), [svelte-sonner](https://svelte-sonner.vercel.app/), [xss](https://github.com/leizongmin/js-xss) and [zod](https://zod.dev/).
- The one and only forever FLOSSy PostgreSQL and postgres JS driver.
- [Milkdown](https://milkdown.dev) visual post editor based on prosemirror (switched from editor.js in 2025)
- A special THANK YOU to [Anthony Fu](https://antfu.me/) for fantastic [shiki](https://github.com/shikijs/shiki) code highlighter!

## License

Source code is licensed under [MIT](./LICENSE). Blog materials are licensed under [CC BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) unless otherwise stated.
